yeah so another video for me just do one
about transferring music and video from
your iPod as an ipod touch or your
iPhone Josiah why or even your iPad
apparently this at us to iPad sir happy
days yeah and each transfer music and
videos from this ipod 32-gigabyte my
iphone I'm cheap and it's the 3gs it's
at the eight gigabyte and all my music
videos are from this one because I've
just got a new mac and each transfer
from a pc to my mac and i just did it
through this ipod so what I'm going to
do is put them from here to this mac and
I'm going to do it all with you guys
right now I'm going to take to it so
here we go um so what you need to do is
type in to your little search value need
to type in ipod access just type ipod
access and then it will have one with
that web URL at the top let's get rid of
all these and you just click that and
then you should get this sort of page so
you need to click a download trial
version or goes you can take it fro ok
this might be cut down
oh um right so let's just click on that
let's do after yeah let's do where is he
come that's it ipod access let's go
should be yeah I'm pretty sure you guys
are actually I'm pretty sure you guys
can see that I am a new mac user sir
pretty crazy dmg I'll call is oh yeah
the only leadership let's do boom it's
20 they were here so you open we don't
need any of this shame so just close and
then we just get rid of this and then
for your jet this I like you even for
Mac users are probably thinking I'm a
retard let's do oh yes here it's all
about the limitations of using an
unregistered version so if you haven't
bought it you have to do this ship which
is pretty crap but just do that so what
you need to do is OK duelist wish and
then take my god plug it in the wine way
you can showing you this I mean I don't
think you're a retard I'm just saying
that that's that's just a plug in it ok
um yeah boom oh yes here we also got the
ipod there Michael what we need to do is
well I don't know what it's doing why is
it sinking don't want it to sink forgot
okay so small I need it let's do or was
that script oh ok so do these we'll just
you put the script in then you just
click add to itunes it's done it's as
simple as that all right literally
you